60 INBUILT FUNCTIONS IN PYTHON
---Type Conversion and Creation--[14]
bool(): Converts a value to a boolean.
bytes(): Returns a new bytes object.
bytearray(): Returns a new array of bytes.
complex(): Creates a complex number.
dict(): Creates a dictionary.
float(): Converts a value to a floating-point number.
frozenset(): Returns a new frozenset object.
int(): Converts a value to an integer.
list(): Creates a list.
set(): Creates a set.
str(): Converts a value to a string.
tuple(): Creates a tuple.
ascii(): cretaes a ascii value.

--Mathematical and Numerical--[6]
divmod(): Returns a tuple of quotient and remainder.
max(): Returns the largest item in an iterable or the largest of two or more arguments.
min(): Returns the smallest item in an iterable or the smallest of two or more arguments.
pow(): Returns x to the power of y.
round(): Rounds a number to a given precision.
sum(): Sums the items of an iterable.

--Iterators and Iterables--[8]
len(): Returns the length (the number of items) of an object.
range(): Returns a sequence of numbers.
reversed(): Returns a reversed iterator.
sorted(): Returns a new sorted list from the items in an iterable.
enumerate(): Returns an enumerate object.
filter(): Constructs an iterator from elements of an iterable for which a function returns true.
ll(): Returns True if all elements of an iterable are true.
any(): Returns True if any element of an iterable is true.

--Object and Attribute Handling--[1]
dir(): Returns a list of names in the current scope or attributes of an object.




--Inbuit FUNCTIONS--[10]
print():prints the output to the console
type():returns the type of the object
id():returns the location of the object
input():returns the user input
oct():returns the octal value the given elements
hex():():returns the hexaoctal value the given elements
bun():returns the binary value the given elements
isinstance(): Returns True if the object is an instance of the class or a subclass thereof.
issubclass(): Returns True if class is a subclass of classinfo.
hash(): Returns the hash value of an object.